// PHP RiSK -- README //


Overview :
~~~~~~~~~~

This is a PHP/MySQL Risk game that was designed with simplicity in mind. The
interface is very crude and basic and is this way for 2 reasons.

1) It was easier/faster.
2) I'm not a graphic artist.

If anyone wants to recode the front end to something nice, please do so and
send me the work, I'll be happy to add the modifications in the next release,
credited of course.


Rules :
~~~~~~~

Very simple : Same as Risk. 

I try to re-create all the rules present in the current edition of the original
Risk board game. If I missed any rules, send me an e-mail and it will be
corrected in the next release.


Bugs :
~~~~~~

- Sometimes after taking over a country, the screen will not redirect back to
the attack window. The work around is to make sure you wait a few seconds after
the frames load before clicking buttons (to let the invisible frames load).
I believe this is fixed now but if it happens again, let me know. If it does
happen, try to refresh the window. 

- The which-country-can-attack-which-country may have a few mistakes (for
example, the game might say you can't attack the country when you should be
able to or vice-versa). This happens because there are a lot of countries and I
had to manually put in which country can attack which. I might have missed a
few. You can fix this by editing the BORDERS entry in the risk_countries table,
but don't just fix it, let me know which ones to fix!

- I have seen random Internet Explorer crashes while playing, but no other
player that I have tested with has received these. If you see them, please let
me know what you were doing when it happened and if you were an admin or not.


To Do :
~~~~~~~

- Security features are lacking. It's not really a bug, I just didn't think it
was necessary to add more since I mainly made this to play with friends. If you
are going to deploy this on a large scale, you might want to add more security
features. They will be implemented eventually.

- The code is very, very raw and primitive, hardly professional. That's because
I wanted to get the core done so that we could play it. The code will be
optimized, piece by piece. I'm considering a PHP5 final product but still
undecided. 

- The interface is also very raw. That's just because I suck as a graphic
artist. If you can recode the layout nicely, please hack my code to pieces or
send me an HTML-only example, I would be delighted to add it.

- Support for multiple games on one server

- Map Loader module (play using different maps/themes)

- Change tunnels to be more seamless (refreshes less visible)

- Use a more object based code. This will most likely be implemented when PHP5
is released as a stable version.


Other Notes :
~~~~~~~~~~~~~

If you spot anything else that needs to be touched up, please contact me. This
game is an ongoing project and I won't just discard it in a few weeks, I am
always working on it.


-- TheWulf

E-mail/MSN : m2mwulf@msn.com
